adding management api docs with some examples (#5925)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/extending-cms/custom-swagger-api.md

    }
}

public class MyComposer : IComposer
{
    public void Compose(IUmbracoBuilder builder)
        => builder.Services.ConfigureOptions<MyConfigureSwaggerGenOptions>();
}

//Creating the Controller
[ApiController]
[ApiVersion("1.0")] 
[MapToApi("my-api-v1")] 
[Authorize(Policy = AuthorizationPolicies.BackOfficeAccess)] 
[JsonOptionsName(Constants.JsonOptionsNames.BackOffice)]
[Route("api/v{version:apiVersion}/my")]
public class MyApiController : Controller
{
    private readonly IBackOfficeSecurityAccessor _backOfficeSecurityAccessor;

    public MyApiController(IBackOfficeSecurityAccessor backOfficeSecurityAccessor)
        => _backOfficeSecurityAccessor = backOfficeSecurityAccessor;

    [HttpGet("say-hello")]
    [MapToApiVersion("1.0")]
    [ProducesResponseType(typeof(string), StatusCodes.Status200OK)]
    public IActionResult SayHello()
    {
        IUser currentUser = _backOfficeSecurityAccessor.BackOfficeSecurity?.CurrentUser
                            ?? throw new InvalidOperationException("No backoffice user found");
        return Ok($"Hello, {currentUser.Name}");
    }
}
}
```
{% endcode %}

> - The `BackOfficeSecurityRequirementsOperationFilter` enables back-office authentication for Swagger UI.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `BackOfficeSecurityRequirementsOperationFilter` enables backoffice authentication for Swagger UI.
```
